Add {get,set}_badarch_action function (#87)
libseccomp-rs/libseccomp-rs: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
### Added
- `"SCMP_ARCH_MIPS64N32"` to `ScmpArch::from_str()`.

> - `ScmpFilterContext::{get,set}_bad_arch_action()` to get/set the default action taken on a syscall for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ScmpFilterContext::{get,set}_badarch_action()` to get/set the default action taken on a syscall for
```

Author: Sorry, I forgot to fix them, I'll fix it and squash the commits.
